README.md, before:

# Akatab

Akatab is a Unicode font for rendering Tifinagh characters in the Tamahaq, Tamashek and Tawallamat languages. This font uses state-of-the-art OpenType font technology to provide accurate typography including the formation of bi-consonant ligatures. Variations of characters are included in the font to meet personal and regional preferences. For more information about supported Unicode ranges and languages, smart font features and how to use them, please see the documentation in the [documentation](documentation/) folder.

## Project status [![Build Status](http://build.palaso.org/app/rest/builds/buildType:Fonts_Akatab/statusIcon)](http://build.palaso.org/viewType.html?buildTypeId=Fonts_Akatab&guest=1)  

Akatab is released under under the [SIL Open Font License](https://openfontlicense.org).  

The Latin glyphs are based on the OFL-licensed [Source Sans Pro fonts](https://github.com/adobe-fonts/source-sans-pro). 

For details - including any Reserved Font Names - see [OFL.txt](OFL.txt).
 
For practical information about using, modifying and redistributing this font see [OFL-FAQ.txt](OFL-FAQ.txt).

For more details about this project, including changelog, making contributions, and acknowledgements see [FONTLOG.txt](FONTLOG.txt) and [README.txt](README.txt).

## Developer notes

This project uses a UFO-based design and production workflow, with all sources in open formats and a completely open-source build toolkit. For more details see [SIL Font Development Notes](https://silnrsi.github.io/silfontdev/en-US/Introduction.html).

Commit message:

Fixed Tirra UnicodeRange bits manually. Updated Tirra documentation and corrected typos, and updated History in Akatab documentation.

README.md, after:

# Akatab

Akatab is a Unicode font for rendering Tifinagh characters in the Tamahaq, Tamashek and Tawallamat languages. This font uses state-of-the-art OpenType font technology to provide accurate typography including the formation of bi-consonant ligatures. Variations of characters are included in the font to meet personal and regional preferences. For more information about supported Unicode ranges and languages, smart font features and how to use them, please see the documentation in the [documentation](documentation/) folder.

## Tirra
Tirra is a subset of Akatab specifically for languages using the Neo-Tifinagh alphabet. It also includes a set of common Neo-Tifinagh ligatures that combine certain base characters with the Labialization Mark. Smart font routines automatically produce these ligatures.

## Project status [![Build Status](http://build.palaso.org/app/rest/builds/buildType:Fonts_Akatab/statusIcon)](http://build.palaso.org/viewType.html?buildTypeId=Fonts_Akatab&guest=1)  

Akatab and Tirra are released under under the [SIL Open Font License](https://openfontlicense.org).  

The Latin glyphs are based on the OFL-licensed [Source Sans Pro fonts](https://github.com/adobe-fonts/source-sans-pro). 

For details - including any Reserved Font Names - see [OFL.txt](OFL.txt).
 
For practical information about using, modifying and redistributing this font see [OFL-FAQ.txt](OFL-FAQ.txt).

For more details about this project, including changelog, making contributions, and acknowledgements see [FONTLOG.txt](FONTLOG.txt) and [README.txt](README.txt).

## Developer notes

This project uses a UFO-based design and production workflow, with all sources in open formats and a completely open-source build toolkit. For more details see [SIL Font Development Notes](https://silnrsi.github.io/silfontdev/en-US/Introduction.html).
