documentation_tirra/source/productsite/charset.md, before:


This font supports over 400 characters from [The Unicode Standard](https://unicode.org/) as well as a number of [Private Use Area (PUA)](https://www.unicode.org/versions/Unicode15.0.0/ch23.pdf#G19184) characters. In total, over 600 glyphs are included, supporting stylistic alternates for a number of characters as well as a large number of ligated sequences. 

Note: Inclusion of basic Latin repertoire is provided as a convenience but is not intended for extensive Latin script use. The Latin glyphs are based on the OFL-licensed Source Sans Pro fonts in the [Source Sans Github repository](https://github.com/adobe-fonts/source-sans-pro). 

## Supported characters

The following character ranges are supported by this font:

Unicode block | Akatab support
------------- | ---------------
C0 Controls and Basic Latin|U+0020..U+007F
C1 Controls and Latin-1 Supplement|U+00A0..U+00FF
Latin Extended-A|U+0102..U+0103, U+0114..U+0115, U+012C..U+012D, U+0131, U+014A..U+014B, U+014E..U+014F, U+0152..U+0153, U+0160..U+0161, U+016C..U+016D, U+0178, U+017D..U+017E
Latin Extended-B|U+018E..U+018F, U+0192, U+0194, U+01DD, U+0237
IPA Extensions|U+0259, U+0263
Spacing Modifier Letters|U+02C6..U+02C7, U+02D0, U+02D8..U+02DD
Combining Diacritical Marks|U+0300..U+0308, U+030A..U+030C, U+0323, U+0327..U+0328, U+034F
Greek and Coptic|U+03C0
Latin Extended Additional|U+1E04..U+1E05, U+1E0C..U+1E0D, U+1E24..U+1E25, U+1E32..U+1E33, U+1E36..U+1E37, U+1E42..U+1E43, U+1E46..U+1E47, U+1E5A..U+1E5B, U+1E62..U+1E63, U+1E6C..U+1E6D, U+1E88..U+1E89, U+1E92..U+1E93, U+1EF4..U+1EF5
General Punctuation|U+2000..U+2015, U+2018..U+201A, U+201C..U+201E, U+2020..U+2022, U+2026..U+2029, U+202A..U+202F, U+2030, U+2039..U+203A, U+2044, U+2060
Superscripts and Subscripts|U+2074
Currency Symbols|U+20A0
Letterlike Symbols|U+2122, U+2126
Mathematical Operators|U+2202, U+2206, U+220F, U+2211..U+2212, U+2215, U+2219, U+221A, U+221E, U+222B, U+2248, U+2260, U+2264..U+2265
Control Pictures|U+2423
Geometric Shapes|U+25CA, U+25CC
Tifinagh|U+2D30..U+2D67, U+2D67, U+2D70, U+2D7F
PUA: Tifinagh superscripts|U+E300..U+E304
Alphabetic Presentation Forms|U+FB00..U+FB02
Variation Selectors|U+FE00..U+FE0F
Arabic Presentation Forms-B|U+FEFF (zero-width no-break space)
Specials|U+FFFC..U+FFFD

## Private Use Area (PUA) characters

There are a number of private-use characters that are supported in this font. The Private Use Area is a range of codepoints that are reserved in the Unicode for private use by software developers and end users who need a special set of characters for their own purposes.

### Tifinagh superscripts

- U+E300  TIFINAGH SUPERSCRIPT YA
- U+E301  TIFINAGH SUPERSCRIPT YU
- U+E302  TIFINAGH SUPERSCRIPT YAY
- U+E303  TIFINAGH SUPERSCRIPT YI
- U+E304  TIFINAGH SUPERSCRIPT YO

Commit message:

Updated documentation for Tirra font

documentation_tirra/source/productsite/charset.md, after:


This font supports over 400 characters from [The Unicode Standard](https://unicode.org/). It also includes a number of ligated sequences involving the Labialization Mark. 

Note: Inclusion of basic Latin repertoire is provided as a convenience but is not intended for extensive Latin script use. The Latin glyphs are based on the OFL-licensed Source Sans Pro fonts in the [Source Sans Github repository](https://github.com/adobe-fonts/source-sans-pro). 

## Supported characters

The following character ranges are supported by this font:

Unicode block | Tirra support
------------- | ---------------
C0 Controls and Basic Latin|U+0020..U+007F
C1 Controls and Latin-1 Supplement|U+00A0..U+00FF
Latin Extended-A|U+0102..U+0103, U+0114..U+0115, U+012C..U+012D, U+0131, U+014A..U+014B, U+014E..U+014F, U+0152..U+0153, U+0160..U+0161, U+016C..U+016D, U+0178, U+017D..U+017E
Latin Extended-B|U+018E..U+018F, U+0192, U+0194, U+01DD, U+0237
IPA Extensions|U+0259, U+0263
Spacing Modifier Letters|U+02C6..U+02C7, U+02D0, U+02D8..U+02DD
Combining Diacritical Marks|U+0300..U+0308, U+030A..U+030C, U+0323, U+0327..U+0328, U+034F
Greek and Coptic|U+03C0
Latin Extended Additional|U+1E04..U+1E05, U+1E0C..U+1E0D, U+1E24..U+1E25, U+1E32..U+1E33, U+1E36..U+1E37, U+1E42..U+1E43, U+1E46..U+1E47, U+1E5A..U+1E5B, U+1E62..U+1E63, U+1E6C..U+1E6D, U+1E88..U+1E89, U+1E92..U+1E93, U+1EF4..U+1EF5
General Punctuation|U+2000..U+2015, U+2018..U+201A, U+201C..U+201E, U+2020..U+2022, U+2026..U+2029, U+202A..U+202F, U+2030, U+2039..U+203A, U+2044, U+2060
Superscripts and Subscripts|U+2074
Currency Symbols|U+20A0
Letterlike Symbols|U+2122, U+2126
Mathematical Operators|U+2202, U+2206, U+220F, U+2211..U+2212, U+2215, U+2219, U+221A, U+221E, U+222B, U+2248, U+2260, U+2264..U+2265
Control Pictures|U+2423
Geometric Shapes|U+25CA, U+25CC
Tifinagh|U+2D30..U+2D67, U+2D6F, U+2D70, U+2D7F
Alphabetic Presentation Forms|U+FB00..U+FB02
Variation Selectors|U+FE00..U+FE0F
Arabic Presentation Forms-B|U+FEFF (zero-width no-break space)
Specials|U+FFFC..U+FFFD
